fix: [CDS-86821]: document agent restart requirement for byo argo upg… (#4573)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/connect-and-manage/multiple-argo-to-single-harness.md

* Harness honors Argo CD project permissions. If the project selected for the Harness application does not have permissions for the repository or cluster, then Harness returns a permissions-related error. You must go to Argo CD and adjust the project's scoped repositories and destinations.
* A non-BYOA setup does not support mapping multiple Argo CD projects to a single Harness project.

> * **\[IMPORTANT\]Upgrading your Argo CD Version**: If you upgrade your Argo CD version to any version that is >= **v2.8.0** with a BYO Argo Gitops agent installed, you will have to restart the agent pods(by restarting the deployment/statefulset) in order for the agent to apply required configurations.

Reviewer: let's exclude this - [IMPORTANT\] 

also just restarting the GitOps agent pod works right?

Author: Sure.

What if it's an HA agent?

> * **Upgrading your Argo CD Version**: If you upgrade your Argo CD version to any version that is >= **v2.8.0** with a BYO-Argo Gitops agent installed, you will have to restart the agent pods(by restarting the deployment or the pods individually) in order for agent to pickup required configuration change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Upgrading your Argo CD Version**: If you upgrade your Argo CD version to any version that is >= v2.8.0 with a BYO Argo GitOps agent installed, you will have to restart the agent pods in order for the agent to pickup the required configuration change. You canrestart the deployment or the pods individually.
```
